Ganapathi Homam

Ganapathi homam is a ritual performed before starting any kind of business or venture in seeking victory and to remove all the obstacles ahead in that journey of life.. Ganapathi pooja is also done before getting into a new home for prosperity and wellness in life..
Ganapathi Homam is a Hindu ritual that is performed to receive blessings from Lord Ganesha, the number one God in Hinduism. It is performed to:

Bring happiness and prosperity: The ritual is believed to bring good health, happiness, and prosperity.

Remove obstacles: It is believed to remove obstacles in your work, business, or plans.

Please Kethu: It is believed to please Kethu.
Celebrate birthdays: It can be performed to celebrate your or your child's birthday.

Invite God into your home: The ritual is performed to invite Lord Ganesha into your home.


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


Dhanvantari Pooja

Dhanvantari pooja is performed to attain health, wealth and success by invoking the blessing of Lord Dhanvantari who is known as the celestial healer. The Puja is performed to cure illnesses making mind and body strong and thereby return to full health.

People pray to Dhanvantari for a healthy life, contentment and prosperity. There are a few mantras used during this homam that can win the blessings of Lord Dhanvantari in abundance. This homam if done with full devotion and sincerity can help in giving the positive meaning to life.


----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


Maha Mrityunjaya homam

The Mrityunjaya Homam is a Vedic ritual performed to seek divine blessings from Lord Shiva: 
 
* To protect against untimely death 
 
* To overcome the fear of death 
 
* To attain longevity 
 
* To ensure peace and prosperity 
 
* To seek healing and spiritual liberation 
 
* To avoid or minimize accidents, injuries, and health disorders 
 
* To enrich the positive energy of ruling planets 
 
* To overcome negative elements shown in the horoscope 
 
* To maintain a balanced metabolism 
 
* To transcend the cycle of birth and death 
 
The homam is performed by experienced priests who consider the individual's birth chart. During the homam, devotees recite the Maha Mrityunjaya Mantra and offer sacred oblations into the fire. Some prominent offerings include durva grass and amrita, an herb that is said to be a medicine for incurable diseases. 
 
The word Mrityunjaya is made up of two words, Mrityu and Jaya, where “Mrityu” stands for death and “Jaya” stands for victory.



----------------------------------------------------------


Sudarshana Homam

Sudarshana Homam is a Hindu ritual that involves fire and is said to have many benefits: 
 
Destroys negativity: The ritual is said to help destroy negativity and protect against the evil eye. 
 
Promotes success: It is said to promote success and provide deep levels of purification. 
 
Removes troubles: It is said to remove troubles in the path and bring success to your doorstep. 
 
Brings health, wealth, and peace: It is said to bring health, wealth, peace, and prosperity. 
 
Fulfills desires: It is said to fulfill desires and remove all kinds of poverty. 
 
Prevents accidents: It is said to prevent you from accidents and injuries. 
 
Aids in attainment of prosperity: It is said to aid in the attainment of prosperity.


--------------------------------------------------


Bhagavathi Seva Pooja 

Bhavavathi Seva pooja is a Hindu ritual that honors the divine feminine and is intended to remove obstacles, negative energies, and planetary ill effects. It is also said to bring peace, spiritual upliftment, and harmony with cosmic forces.

Bhagavathi Seva Pooja is a Vedic ceremony that is said to have many benefits including: 
 
* Spiritual upliftment

This ancient ceremony is said to bring spiritual upliftment by restoring balance in the environment and within ourselves. 
 
* Protection from miseries

The ceremony is said to protect from miseries and fulfill wishes. 
 
* Harmony with cosmic forces
* 
The ceremony is said to keep us in harmony with cosmic forces by balancing the malefic effects of planets. 
 
* Elimination of negative influences

The ceremony is said to eliminate negative influences, including black magic, planetary ill effects, and health problems. 
 
* Financial stability

The ceremony is said to lead to financial stability and a decrease in business or professional losses.


-------------------------------------------------------


Kali Pooja

Kali Pooja is also called as Maha Kali Pooja, is done to appease Goddess Kali. The main Kali Pooja occurs on Diwali night ( Amawasya in the Kartika month ) or any other Amawasya, Tuesday’s and Saturday’s. However, Kali Puja can also be performed on moon day. It helps to relieve tensions and distress. Performing Kali Puja on Amavasya day relieves a person from troubles and sufferings.

The numerous benefits of Kali Pooja are:

1. Cures all the deadly diseases and also boosts up the confidence and mental health.

2. It removes the pain and sufferings that is cause by the multifarious causes and improves relationships in the family.

3. Removes all negative energies from the house and also brings peace and happiness.

4. It helps to clear off debts and achieve a stable and prosperous life.

5. Kali Puja can liberate the individual and also guide for the attainment of wisdom.


===============================================================


Aghora Homam

Aghora homam is also known as Aghora Pashupatha Homam, is a homam or ritual that is performed to ward off qevil spirits, negative spells, and black magic.
Aghora Homam is performed to seek the blessings of Lord Shiva in his form of Aghora Rudra and remove malefic effects of evil spirits, troubles caused by enemies and witchcraft. 

Purpose

Aghora Homam is performed to protect the individual and their home from evil spirits and negativity. It is also said to break spells and curses, and shield the person from evil eyes.



---------------------------------------------


Swayamvara Parvathi Pooja

Swayamvara parvathi pooja is a ritual that involves the worship of Goddess Parvati to remove obstacles in marriage and to find a suitable spouse. It can also help to solve misunderstandings and strengthen the marital bond. 
Swayamvara Parvathi Homam allows one to find ideal life partner, eliminate obstacles that delay in one's marriage and strengthen relationships between husband and wife. Swayamvara Parvathi Homam ensures conjugal happiness in everyone's lives by invoking the divine grace and blessings of Maa Parvati.



------------------------------------------------


Santana gopala pooja

In Santana Gopala Puja, Gopala Krishna who is incarnation of Lord Vishnu is worshiped with tulasi leaves and is performed by employing Santhana Gopala Mantra. By performing this Puja one will be blessed with a child, wealth and prosperity.



---------------------------------------------------


Durga Pooja 

Durga pooja is a festival that celebrates the triumph of good over evil, and the power of the divine to protect the world. Some say that Durga Puja can bring the following benefits: 
 
Protection: Durga Puja is said to protect people from negative energy, enemies, and the evil eye. 
 
Happiness: Durga Puja is said to bring happiness, wealth, and prosperity. 
 
Health: Durga Puja is said to provide relief from prolonged illness and ensure a healthy life. 
 
Overcoming obstacles: Durga Puja is said to help people overcome obstacles and hurdles in life. 
 
Social bonding: Durga Puja provides women with a chance to step outside their homes and participate in cultural activities, which can help them create strong social bonds. 
 
Chanting mantras: Chanting Durga mantras is said to have many benefits, including protection, improved concentration, and relief from mental stress, anxiety, and depression


------------------------------------------------------


Guruthi pooja 

Guruthi puja is considered as one of the “supreme” way of worshiping Goddess Rajarajeswari Devi. This is the most powerful pooja to remove all obstacles and evil forces against one’s life.
Goddess Rajarajeswari devi is having the combined powers of Lakshmi, Saraswati and Bhadrakali. This puja is for Goddess Bhadrakali which is the fierce form of Rajarajeswari devi. It is believed that when Goddess gets fierce she takes the form of Bhadrakali.
Guruthi Pooja is a worship ritual that is said to have many benefits, including: 
 
Removing obstacles
Guruthi pooja is said to be a powerful way to remove evil forces and obstacles from a person's life. 
 
Relieving problems
Guruthi pooja is said to provide relief from problems related to health, marriage, infertility, miscarriage, pregnancy, depression, anxiety, fear, wealth, career, and other family issues. 
 
Reinforcing community connection
Guruthi pooja is often associated with the worship of local deities, which can reinforce a sense of belonging and shared identity among participants.


=----------------------------------------------------------

Lakshmi Ganesha Homam

Worshipping Lord Ganesha and Goddess Parvati is very beneficial and encouraging. Lakshmi Ganapati Homam is one of the most promising ways to seek the boons of the mighty deities. The single ritual helps attract the strong blessings of the two deities: Lord Ganesha and imperial divinity Lakshmi. The Homa ritual includes lighting a fire kund. There is a sacrificial bonfire in the kund. There takes place chanting of mantras and slokas dedicated to the primary godheads.  The priests perform all the essential rituals in a precise manner. They perform devotional offerings and help devotees attract the vibrant aura of Lakshmi and Ganesha.
Lakshmi Ganesha homam is performed to removes all the obstacles and negative energies and gives victory or success, acquire wealth and prosperity, and bring harmony in family and success in life.





-------------------------------------------


Maha vishnu pooja

Vishnu is believed to guard the living beings on earth and bless his devotees with longevity, prosperity, success, peace, and happiness. Maha Vishnu Pooja or Vishnu Pooja (Vishnu Puja) is the ceremonial worship in honor of this much-venerated Divinity.
Chanting Vishnu's Mantras can provide benefits such as relief from the fear of death, salvation, and freedom from the cycle of birth and death, reducing stress and anxiety, and protection from various diseases and untimely death. Lord Vishnu is one of the Trinity, who is worshipped all over the world by all Vaishnavas





-------------------------------------------

Sayujya pooja

Helps to remove the obstacles in attaining eternal peace & salvation at the lotus feet of Lord Mahavishnu through ,saalokyam saaroopyam & sameepyam for the souls of the departed ancestors.




--------------------------------------

Navagraha pooja

Navagraha pooja (worship of 9 planets) is a time tested Vedic ritual, which combines the poojas for all the nine planets (or grahas) in our Vedic sciences. The Navagraha Shanti Pooja has the power to nullify or remove all doshas (or flaws) in ones horoscope and enable the person to prosper in life.

Benefits:

Relief from certain Doshas
improved health and financial conditions
Improvements in family relationships and well being of children
Protection from fatal situations, as predicated in the birth charts

----------------------


Navchandika pooja

Navchandika pooja is a Durga puja done to make wishes come true. By performing the Navchandi yagna, the worshipper gets freedom from sufferings. There is a popular Puranic saying that there are only two Gods who respond immeditately to the prayers of the devotees. They are Goddess Chandi and Lord Ganesh.


0-------------------------------------


